<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "task.dtd">
<task id="task_bbp_21m_qjb">
    <title>Closing Procedure</title>
    <shortdesc>The closing procedure for evening staff of Four Seasons Restaurant.</shortdesc>
    <taskbody>
        <context>
            <p>This is a general outline of the closing procedure. It will not cover all instances.
                Sometimes, things will change. If there any issues please refer to the Emergency
                Contact section.</p>
        </context>
        <steps>
            <step>
                <cmd>After the final customer has left, close and lock the front doors. </cmd>
                <info>No additional customers should be received past our open hours, even if
                    earlier customers are still present.</info>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Turn off all cooking equipment.</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Begin closeout procedures for the cash register.</cmd>
                <info>A detailed help sheet for this procedure can be found in the drawer beneath
                    the register.</info>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Begin cleanup procedures. Cleanup procedures are divided based on staff job.
                    See "Cleanup Procedures" for reference.</cmd>
                <info>Although our staff have responsibilities specific to their positions, we
                    encourage our employees to help out the others once they have completed their
                    own responsiblities.</info>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>As part of cleanup, cooks should leave a list of items for food prep for the
                    next day on the bulletin board in dry storage.</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>After cleanup, it is the responsibility of the closer to ensure that they are
                    the last one to leave the restaurant. Employees should gather all personal
                    belongings before leaving.</cmd>
                <info>There is one designated closer for each closing shift. Usually, this will be
                    the supervisor, but this will not always be the case. Check the shift calendar
                    for when you are the closer.</info>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>After the other employees have left, the closer is expected to lock up the
                    restaurant.</cmd>
                <substeps id="substeps_hd5_4cm_qjb">
                    <substep>
                        <cmd>Verify that all items are put away.</cmd>
                        <info>Don't stay too long if there many items to put away. The morning shift
                            will take care of whatever you don't have time to manage.</info>
                    </substep>
                    <substep>
                        <cmd>Turn off the front sign and all inside lights.</cmd>
                    </substep>
                    <substep>
                        <cmd>Exit the restaurant via the back door. Close and lock it with the back
                            door key.</cmd>
                    </substep>
                    <substep>
                        <cmd>Return the back door key to the lockbox on the fence to the left of the
                            back door.</cmd>
                    </substep>
                </substeps>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Once these items have been completed, the restaurant is considered closed for
                    the night.</cmd>
            </step>
        </steps>
    </taskbody>
</task>
