<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "task.dtd">
<task id="task_ows_tjm_qjb">
    <title>Cleanup - Dishwashers</title>
    <shortdesc>This is the cleaning procedure dishwashers should follow as part of the closing
        procedure.</shortdesc>
    <taskbody>
        <context>
            <p>All cleanup items should be completed as part of the closing procedure. See "Closing
                Procedure" for more information.</p>
        </context>
        <steps>
            <step>
                <cmd>Obtain as many of the dirty dishes as possible before cleanup. </cmd>
                <info>This will save you time since the cooks are likely to bring you more dishes
                    later on.</info>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Clean all dirty dishes as necessary. After the initial rush, be sure to empty
                    any sinks that are not in use.</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Once the main body of dishes are clean, begin washing out any sinks not
                    currently in use. Rinse out any food and then allow the sinks to air-dry.</cmd>
                <info>Dirty dishes may yet be received during this process. Keep one or two sinks
                    full for scrubbing these dishes.</info>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>After all dishes and sinks have been cleaned, rinse out the washing machine.
                    The washing machine should be turned off at this time.</cmd>
                <substeps id="substeps_vj3_jkm_qjb">
                    <substep>
                        <cmd>Rinse out each interior part of the washing machine. You may need to
                            angle the hose to reach some of these areas.</cmd>
                    </substep>
                    <substep>
                        <cmd>Rinse out the food trays after the interior of the washing machine is
                            rinsed. All food should be washed down the drain.</cmd>
                    </substep>
                </substeps>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Once the washing machine has been rinsed out, tidy up your workstation.</cmd>
                <substeps id="substeps_x2j_qkm_qjb">
                    <substep>
                        <cmd>Place all clean items back in their original storage areas.</cmd>
                    </substep>
                    <substep>
                        <cmd>Clean all counters and surfaces in your workstation with a wash cloth
                            and Natural A solution.</cmd>
                    </substep>
                </substeps>
            </step>
        </steps>
    </taskbody>
</task>
