<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "task.dtd">
<task id="task_rld_1lm_qjb">
    <title>Cleanup - Kitchen Staff</title>
    <shortdesc>This is the cleaning procedure kitchen staff should follow as part of the closing
        procedure.</shortdesc>
    <taskbody>
        <context>
            <p>All cleanup items should be completed as part of the closing procedure. See "Closing
                Procedure" for more information.</p>
        </context>
        <steps>
            <step>
                <cmd>Turn off the fryer, the oven, and any active burners.</cmd>
                <info>No food prep requiring heat should be completed at this time.</info>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Return all food items and clean cooking equipment to their original storage
                    areas.</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Prepare a list of items for what will need to be prepared in the morning,
                    before the restaurant opens.</cmd>
                <substeps id="substeps_p5k_llm_qjb">
                    <substep>
                        <cmd>Post this list on the bulletin board in dry storage.</cmd>
                    </substep>
                </substeps>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Clean your workstation.</cmd>
                <substeps id="substeps_xnc_nlm_qjb">
                    <substep>
                        <cmd>Wash all counters with a wash cloth and Natural A solution.</cmd>
                    </substep>
                    <substep>
                        <cmd>For metal surfaces, use a dry rag and the special cleaning solution for
                            metal. This will impart a shine to these metal surfaces.</cmd>
                    </substep>
                </substeps>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>If there are items to be left out overnight, ensure that they are placed in a
                    safe location where they will not be knocked over, bumped, or spilled. No
                    heating or cooking equipment should be left on overnight.</cmd>
            </step>
        </steps>
    </taskbody>
</task>
