<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="concept_dw1_bqp_rjb">
    <title>Opening and Closing the Restaurant</title>
    <shortdesc>Navigating Shared Responsibilities of Restaurant Upkeep</shortdesc>
    <conbody>
        <p>See the following sections for more information on our standard operating procedures.</p>
        <section id="section_wty_bzp_rjb">
            <title>Overview</title>
            <p>Everyone is likely to open or close at some point. These instructions are a guide for
                those times when you will have to perform either activity.</p>
        </section>
        <section id="section_vq2_mcq_rjb">
            <title>Opening</title>
            <p>Opening the restaurant will focus on getting items ready for the day ahead. Much of
                what needs to be done for a day will be completed throughout the course of the day.
                Don't worry about doing everything! Your job at open is to help provide for the day
                moving as smoothly as possible.</p>
        </section>
        <section id="section_wq2_mcq_rjb">
            <title>Closing</title>
            <p>Closing the restaurant will focus on cleanup and organization. Your job is to leave a
                clean and neat restaurant for the next day's workers. Tasks such as food prep and
                mopping the floors will ensure that the restaurant is ready for its next set of
                challenges. We can't watch the restaurant constantly, so we need to provide for
                those hours when we won't be there.</p>
        </section>
        <section id="section_omh_4zp_rjb">
            <title>When do I open/close?</title>
            <p>If you are scheduled for first shift, you will be opening the restaurant. If you are
                scheduled for third or fourth shift, you will be closing the restaurant.
                Additionally, if you are marked for "closer" on the schedule, then you will be the
                one to lock up the restaurant on that day.</p>
        </section>
        <section id="section_hrf_xzp_rjb">
            <title>How do I know what to do?</title>
            <p>The specifics of opening and closing the restaurant will be listed in their specific
                sections. See "Opening Procedure" and "Closing Procedure" respectively. If you have
                questions, speak with your supervisor. It is expected that all employees work
                together towards the completion of these tasks. Respect and a sense of team spirit
                are important to Four Seasons Restaurant. Help one another as you would have each
                other help you. When we work together, we can get things done much more easily and
                much faster!</p>
        </section>
    </conbody>
</concept>
